Allow a generic number of `EKOs` to be passed to `pineappl evolve` (#331)
NNPDF/pineappl: docs/cli-tutorial.md

- the last column `dsig/detal` shows the differential cross section (`dsig`)
  for the bin limits given in the previous two columns.

In the case where the grid requires different types of convolution functions,
the LHAPDF names need to be appended with `+p`, `+f`, or `+pf` (equivalently

> `+fp`) which respectively correspond to polarized, fragmentation function, or
> both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`+fp`) which respectively correspond to a polarized PDF, a fragmentation function, or
a polarized fragmentation function.
```
